# 0. Simple web stack

## Requirement
Design a one server web infrastrusture that hosts the website that is reachable via www.foobar.com and use:
    * server
    * web server (Nginx)
    * application server
    * application files (your code base)
    * database (MySQL)
    * domain name foobar.com configured with a www record that points to your server IP 8.8.8.8

## Specifics about the infrastructure:
    * What is a server:
    A piece of computer hardware or software (computer program) that provides functionality for other programs or devices (clients). Here the server runs an OS (operating system) and it is a SPOF (single point of failure) baecause nothing is redundant. In a simple web stack (one web server and one database server), when new code is deployed, it typically means that updates or changes are being made to the website's software (adding new dfeatures, fixing bugs, or making improvements to the existing code). Moreover, this infrastructure cannot scale and will not be able to handle traffic that would exceeed the server capacity.

    * What is the role of the domain name:
    To provide human-readable address that users can use to access the web application.

    * What type of DNS record www is in www.foobar.com:
    In the domain name "www.foobar.com," "www" is typically a subdomain. Subdomains are used to organize and navigate different sections or services within a domain. In this case, "www" is commonly used as a prefix for the World Wide Web section of a website. And www.foobar.com is an A record because it resolves to an IP address.

    * What is the role of the web server:
    To act as the intermediary between clients (such as web browsers) and the web application. It receive HTTP requests from clients and process them according to the configured rules. These requests can include requests for static content (like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, images, videos or other media files) or dynamic content (generated by applications). But it can serve directly the request for static content

    * What is the role of the application server:
    To execute the logic that generates dynamic content (like HTML, JSON, XMLand) interacts with databases or other external services.

    * What is the role of the database:
    It plays a crucial role in storing, managing, and retrieving data for the web application.
    * What is the server using to communicate with the computer of the user requesting the website